README.md, before:

# Open Multiple Model MCP Client

A flexible client for interacting with multiple Model Control Protocol (MCP) servers through a unified interface, enabling Claude to use tools from various MCP servers.

## Overview

This project is designed to serve as a gateway between Anthropic's Claude API and multiple downstream MCP servers. It allows Claude to:

- Access tools from multiple MCP servers in a unified way
- Invoke tools and receive their results
- Compose responses that incorporate tool output

## Features

- **Multiple MCP Server Support**: Connect to multiple MCP servers simultaneously
- **Flexible Connection Types**: Support for both STDIO and SSE connections
- **Dynamic Tool Management**: Enable/disable servers and tools at runtime
- **Gateway API**: Expose MCP-compatible endpoints through FastAPI
- **Unified Chat Interface**: Simple API for interacting with Claude and tools

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.12+
- Anthropic API key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/open-mutiple-model-mcp-client.git
   cd open-mutiple-model-mcp-client
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and install dependencies:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   uv sync
   ```

3. Create an environment file:
   ```
   cp .env-example .env
   ```

4. Add your Anthropic API key to the `.env` file:
   ```
   ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-ant-xxxxx
   ```

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`: Your Anthropic API key
- `HOST`: Host to bind the server to (default: 0.0.0.0)
- `PORT`: Port to run the server on (default: 8000)
- `MCP_COMPOSER_PROXY_URL`: URL for the MCP composer proxy (default: http://localhost:8000)
- `MCP_SERVERS_CONFIG_PATH`: Path to the MCP servers configuration file (default: ./mcp_servers.json)

### MCP Servers Configuration

Configure MCP servers in the `mcp_servers.json` file:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "time": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": ["run", "-i", "--rm", "mcp/time"]
    },
    "remote_server": {
      "url": "https://your-remote-mcp-server.com/mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

## Usage

### Starting the Server

```
python main.py
```

By default, the server runs on port 3333 and can be accessed at `http://localhost:3333`.

### Using the Chat API

Send a POST request to the `/chat` endpoint:

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost:3333/chat" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"message": "What time is it now?"}'
```

## API Endpoints

- **POST /chat**: Main chat endpoint
  - Accepts: `{ "message": "your message" }`
  - Returns: Text response from Claude, including tool use results

- **MCP Gateway**: `/mcp/{server_kit_name}`
  - `/mcp/{server_kit_name}/sse`: SSE endpoint for MCP clients
  - `/mcp/{server_kit_name}/messages`: HTTP POST endpoint for MCP messages

## Architecture

The application follows a layered architecture:

1. **API Layer** (`main.py`): FastAPI application that exposes chat endpoints
2. **Client Layer** (`mcp_client.py`): Handles communication with Anthropic's API
3. **Controller Layer** (`downstream_controller.py`): Manages downstream MCP servers
4. **Composer Layer** (`composer.py`): Orchestrates server kits and gateways
5. **Gateway Layer** (`gateway.py`): Provides MCP-compatible endpoints

## Extending the Client

### Adding New MCP Servers

To add a new MCP server:

1. Update the `mcp_servers.json` file with your server configuration
2. Restart the application

### Custom Server Implementations

You can implement custom MCP servers by:

1. Creating a new server that follows the MCP specification
2. Adding it to the `mcp_servers.json` configuration

Commit message:

chore: update readme and UI page

README.md, after:

# Open Multiple Model MCP Client

A flexible client for interacting with multiple Model Control Protocol (MCP) servers through a unified interface, enabling Claude to use tools from various MCP servers.

## Overview

This project is designed to serve as a gateway between Anthropic's Claude API and multiple downstream MCP servers. It allows Claude to:

- Access tools from multiple MCP servers in a unified way
- Invoke tools and receive their results
- Compose responses that incorporate tool output

## Features

- **Multiple MCP Server Support**: Connect to multiple MCP servers simultaneously
- **Flexible Connection Types**: Support for both STDIO and SSE connections
- **Dynamic Tool Management**: Enable/disable servers and tools at runtime
- **Gateway API**: Expose MCP-compatible endpoints through FastAPI
- **Unified Chat Interface**: Simple API for interacting with Claude and tools

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.12+
- Anthropic API key

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/open-mutiple-model-mcp-client.git
   cd open-mutiple-model-mcp-client
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and install dependencies:
   ```
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   uv sync
   ```

3. Create an environment file:
   ```
   cp .env-example .env
   ```

4. Add your Anthropic API key to the `.env` file:
   ```
   ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=sk-ant-xxxxx
   OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-xxxx
   ```

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`: Your Anthropic API key
- `HOST`: Host to bind the server to (default: 0.0.0.0)
- `PORT`: Port to run the server on (default: 8000)
- `MCP_COMPOSER_PROXY_URL`: URL for the MCP composer proxy (default: http://localhost:8000)
- `MCP_SERVERS_CONFIG_PATH`: Path to the MCP servers configuration file (default: ./mcp_servers.json)

### MCP Servers Configuration

Configure MCP servers in the `mcp_servers.json` file:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "time": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": ["run", "-i", "--rm", "mcp/time"]
    },
    "remote_server": {
      "url": "https://your-remote-mcp-server.com/mcp"
    }
  }
}
```

## Usage

### Starting the Server

```
python main.py
```

By default, the server runs on port 3333 and can be accessed at `http://localhost:3333`, you will see.

![welcome page](./docs/img.png)

### Using the Chat API

Send a POST request to the `/chat` endpoint:

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost:3333/chat" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"message": "What time is it now?"}'
```

## API Endpoints

- **POST /chat**: Main chat endpoint
  - Accepts: `{ "message": "your message" }`
  - Returns: Text response from Claude, including tool use results

- **MCP Gateway**: `/mcp/{server_kit_name}`
  - `/mcp/{server_kit_name}/sse`: SSE endpoint for MCP clients
  - `/mcp/{server_kit_name}/messages`: HTTP POST endpoint for MCP messages

## Architecture

The application follows a layered architecture:

1. **API Layer** (`main.py`): FastAPI application that exposes chat endpoints
2. **Client Layer** (`mcp_client.py`): Handles communication with Anthropic's API
3. **Controller Layer** (`downstream_controller.py`): Manages downstream MCP servers
4. **Composer Layer** (`composer.py`): Orchestrates server kits and gateways
5. **Gateway Layer** (`gateway.py`): Provides MCP-compatible endpoints

## Extending the Client

### Adding New MCP Servers

To add a new MCP server:

1. Update the `mcp_servers.json` file with your server configuration
2. Restart the application

### Custom Server Implementations

You can implement custom MCP servers by:

1. Creating a new server that follows the MCP specification
2. Adding it to the `mcp_servers.json` configuration
